What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

	git init sets up a git repository for the current folder.  It is used to keep track of
	all the commits made in the new repository.  It doesn't do any initial commits.  It's 
	just a setup process.  It adds a bunch of git-folders to your directory (./git).

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value 
do you think it offers?

	To be honest, I don't really know.  The staging area is sort of a placeholder for files 
	that you want added to your repository.  It is different from the working directory and
	the repository because it is temporary.  I don't know what value it does.
	July 4, 2016 update:  The staging area is a place where you can keep files without
	adding them to the repository.  It can help you keep track of logical changes in a file.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical
change?

	The staging area can be used to list the files that have been changed.  This way you can
	keep track of each logical change.  It can basically limit logical change(s) to a single
	file.
	
What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history
organized? How would branches help?
	
	One key situation is when I want to tweak a program or experiment with its behavior.  
	Many times when I am programming, I like to see what the program will do if I give it 
	different input values or bad input.  This would be for testing purposes.  Also, I can
	add different methods or attributes to a program and test them without ruining a working
	version of the program.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
	Diagrams can help determine the reachability of a commit.  If you have a commit that is 
	not set as a branch, then it can be lost if someone checks out the master branch.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in
the diagram the way we do?

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges
manually?